0.4.0 (#54)
MetaMask/iframe-execution-environment: CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [0.4.0]

> ### Uncategorized
> - Use @metamask/execution-environments ([#52](https://github.com/MetaMask/iframe-execution-environment/pull/52))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Changed
- **BREAKING:** Use [@metamask/execution-environments](https://npmjs.com/package/@metamask/execution-environments) ([#52](https://github.com/MetaMask/iframe-execution-environment/pull/52))
  - The implementation of the execution environment has moved from this package to `@metamask/execution-environments`, and several breaking changes were introduced. See the [changelog of the new package](https://github.com/MetaMask/snaps-skunkworks/blob/main/packages/execution-environments/CHANGELOG.md#0100) for details.
```
